Would you give a man an eggplant?
This is your brain on Eggplant
You're killing me Eggplant!
To eggplant or not to eggplant, that is the question.
I DID NOT HIT HER, I DID NAAAAHHHT oh hi eggplant
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all Eggplants are created equal, that they are endowed by Karl with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Untieds
Keep your eggplants close, but your aubergines closer
Anyway, like I was sayin’, eggplant is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. Dey’s uh, eggplant-kababs, eggplant creole, eggplant gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. There’s pineapple eggplant, lemon eggplant, coconut eggplant, pepper eggplant, eggplant soup, eggplant stew, eggplant salad, eggplant and potatoes, eggplant burger, eggplant sandwich. That- that’s about it.
NOW you're playing with eggplant!
If you let my eggplant go now, that will be the end of it - I will not look for you, I will not pursue you... but if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you... and I will kill you.
That's not an eggplant. THIS is an eggplant
NOW you're playing with eggplants!
You either die an eggplant, or see yourself long enough to become a villain
Did I ever tell you how I got these eggplants?
With great eggplant comes great responsibility
I think, therefore I eggplant.
Does he look like an eggplant?
You know what they call an Eggplant in France? (it's aubergine btw)
I don't even have any good eggplants. You know like nunchuck eggplants, bow hunting eggplants, computer hacking eggplants. Girls only want boyfriends who have great eggplants!
I kill a communist for fun, but for an eggplant, I gonna carve him up real nice.
Eggplants are a preferable alternative to communism
Eggplant moves pretty fast, if you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it.
The way your dad looked at it, this eggplant was your birthright. He'd be damned if any slopes gonna put their greasy yellow hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it, in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. Five long years, he wore this eggplant up his ass. Then when he died of dysentery, he gave me the eggplant. I hid this uncomfortable piece of metal up my ass for two years. Then, after seven years, I was sent home to my family. And now, little man, I give the eggplant to
I have many leather bound books and my apartment smells of rich eggplants
With great eggplant comes great responsibility
I'm not a smart man, but I know what an eggplant is
Jesus Christ is my eggplant
If we can't eggplant; we won't eggplant"
